Japan is similar to Laos Now many Japanese travel to Laos
These people say that Laos resembles old Japan. The old mountain villages are the same in both countries.
The house is made of bamboo Furniture and hats are made of bamboo
Chinese people don't eat much, but Japanese people often eat rice.
Lao people also eat rice every day Buddhism went from India to Japan and Laos
The Japanese syllabary of hiragana came from India, and the Japanese syllabary of Laos also came from India.
There are scratches in both countries
But in the old days there were no monks in Japan Laos and Japan are mountainous people say
The pillar scene in Laos is he. Okunoshima has no center, so the center of Japan is the sea. People drink too much in both countries.
Lao liquor is similar to Japanese liquor, you drive on a motorcycle on a mountain road and many people die every year
You should stop drinking, but people may want to forget about misery Japan is like Laos
Oh oh oh oh